---
layout: single
title: "The Wealth of Nation"
---

The Wealth of Nations is a 1,200-page book written by the 18th-century economist and philosopher Adam Smith. This book was written to convey the contents of The Wealth of Nations in an easy-to-understand way to students.

The capitalist market economy system currently adopted by most countries began to appear around the 17th century and matured through the industrial revolution in the 18th century. for which he is called the father of economics.

As the title says, The Wealth of Nations explains what a nation's wealth is, what drives it to accumulate, and what people misunderstand about the wealth of the country at the time.

Before Adam Smith, people valued commerce, so people thought that the greater the amount of gold or silver earned through commerce, the greater the wealth of a country. It was thought to be the total amount of necessities or conveniences available. It was thought that how rich and strong a country is is not just how much money the merchant class earns, but the total amount of various products that the entire population can consume.

On the other hand, Adam Smith identified that the driving force behind the increase in national wealth was the division of labor and the accumulation of capital. The principle of division of labor is that people do not produce the goods they need individually without the help of others, but if they engage in activities that have their own merits and exchange the goods they produce in the market, society as a whole produces and consumes much more goods. that it can be done Accumulation of capital means that facilities such as factory machines and buildings, i.e., capital, are needed for production, and when such capital is increased in a society, more people are employed and more goods can be produced accordingly.

The principle of increase in national wealth grasped by Adam Smith is being used as it is in modern economics and is being used as a key concept in modern economics.
